---
layout: post
title: Coding, Workout & Action Plan.
---

I've started coding since I was 17. That was around when I first went to a gym to carry some weights. What I've realized over the last 4 years is that
<strong> it does not matter how many years have been passed </strong>, but rather you should ask yourself, "how many hours did I purely focous on workout?"

If we change the word, 'workout', to 'coding,' I feel guilty that I haven't focused on coding as much as I could have. Well, the point of this 
post is not sharing my frustration, but it's about what I can do now to purely focus on coding.

Problem) Whenever I feel like I need to code, I do it, but...how many times that happen, actually?
My experience with workout, I irregularly worked out whenever I felt like it. That was a problem. Why? Because I never felt I wanted to work out.

Same thing with coding now, I'm just caught up by enormous workload of whatever mind-dumbs I'm creating now.

I need to stop this. Always put coding first. Not on the very last moment of the day when my willpower is just over. 

My goal is to become a master of web programming. How can I reach the goal? Regular put hours of pure 100%  focus. For Shakespeare, writing was not something like workout, it was more like plays. He was not determined, but he just enjoyed what he was doing. 

At this point of time, I'm figuring out whether coding is something that I will enjoy for a long time. 

Let me code.

<strong> Action plan (02.01.16 - 08.01.16) </strong>

1) Make a website a day 
2) Share my code on GitHub
