---
layout: post
title: 1st Day!
---

I always feel that I need to have a web-space where I can collect my thoughts. Basically, I want to share my journey with you. 

Little bit about myself, I'm a first-year CS student working on transferring to a 4-year university. Originally, I was born and raised in S.Korea until I turned 15. Then, I went to Australia about an year to go to high school there. I had lots of fun. I still remember we went surfing for our PE classes. After that, I came to sunny California at age of 16. I had such a great time just going to college as a business major, but my inner compass told me that I was doing something wrong. As a healthy young S.Korean citizen, I served in ROK Marine Corps. I was stationed in Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) for about two years. For those two years, I learned a couple of important lessons that have shaped my life forever: define the worst-case scenarios & life goes on no matter what happens to you. 

That's pretty much what I did before I changed my major to CS. Why did I change my major? Well, it's more fun than jamming numbers in Excel spreadsheets. At 17, I worked at a startup, Tapastic (http://tapastic.com/). It was a non-paid marketing related internship, but that job gave me a chance to explore the world of technology. 

Coding was (and is) challenging and fun. Once I was in the DMZ, I logged on my Codeacademy account, and did some HTML/CSS stuff. Then, suddenly, my senior said something like, "Dude, are you trying to hack something?" It was hard to learn coding while I was in service, but I somehow managed to learn basics of web development, including Github and JS. 

After getting discharged, I came back to California to pursue my studies in Computer Science. For the first semester, Physics got me so hard. I studied at least 6hours a day to just understand concepts. I felt guilty because I didn't really pay attention to CS due to intensity of learning the subject. Well, I managed it somehow. I'm currently in my second semester as a CS major. 

I always try to learn. My mantra is: keep learning until I break something. I believe that in life I don't have to be right all the time. In fact, I just need to be right once. That's it. Less is more. 

Throughout posting on this blog, I will write my frustration, fun moments, and etc as learning coding. I believe that coding isn't something that I can learn by just sitting and listening. I will share my code publicly on GitHub, and process of why, how, and what I create with you. 

This is what I did for the first day: created a Jekyll based blog, and wrote the very first post for you. 


